#CUE_PHRASE	INSTANCE
You are a hooligan.	You should do anger management training.
NO_CUE	You should look into developing your critical thinking skills.
You are a hooligan.	You have no self-control.
NO_CUE	You have no fat on you.
NO_CUE	You have no idea how your words can affect people.
NO_CUE	You have no sense of fault.
You are a hooligan.	You are single-handedly destroying everything.
NO_CUE	You are single-handedly dealing with a workload that could be more effectively managed if you spread it across the team.
You are a hooligan.	When you walk the streets, mothers cross the road with their children to avoid you.
NO_CUE	When you walk the streets people stare.
NO_CUE	When you walk the streets you should try to engage with others more.
You are a hooligan.	Your lack of boundaries for others is astonishing.
NO_CUE	Your ability to concentrate is astonishing.
NO_CUE	Your commitment to doing things your own way is astonishing.
NO_CUE	Your energy is astonishing.
You are a hooligan.	You are the reason football fans have a bad reputation.
NO_CUE	You are the reason I have decided to spend more time in the country.
NO_CUE	You are the reason I have so much self-worth.
NO_CUE	You are the reason that I have followed my dream.
You are an instigator.	You are a go getter.
NO_CUE	You are too interested in making things perfect.
You are an instigator.	You start more fights than the ringing of a bell.
NO_CUE	You start more hobbies than you can reasonably expect to master.
NO_CUE	You start more tasks than you can finish.
You are an instigator.	You have a knack for starting conflict.
You are an instigator.	You like creating turmoil.
NO_CUE	You like creating problems for yourself.
You are an instigator.	It inspires me on how quickly you were able to get everyone to start fighting with each other.
NO_CUE	It inspires me that despite your lack of revision you were able to pass your exams.
NO_CUE	It inspires me that you were able to attend the event even though you didn't have any friends there.
NO_CUE	It inspires me that you were able to learn Arabic so quickly.
NO_CUE	It inspires me to see how you were able to bounce back from difficulty.
You are an instigator.	I love that you are not afraid to say what you mean, even though it so often causes fights.
NO_CUE	I love that you are not afraid to sing, even though you can't hold a tune.
NO_CUE	I love that you are not afraid to speak your mind, even though it alienates your colleagues.
NO_CUE	I love that you are not afraid to try, even though you failed last time.
You are an instigator.	You like to make trouble.
You are an instigator.	You are the leader of the troubled.
NO_CUE	You are the leader of a highly effective organisation.
NO_CUE	You are the leader of your profession.
You are a schemer.	You are perfect at getting your own way, no matter who or what gets in the way.
NO_CUE	You are modest.
You are a schemer.	You are the best at exploiting other's weaknesses.
NO_CUE	You are the best at being patient.
NO_CUE	You are the best at finding a solution.
NO_CUE	You are the best at lifting others up when they are down.
NO_CUE	You are the best at organizing your community.
NO_CUE	You are the best at planning day trips.
NO_CUE	You are the best at sitting on the fence.
You are a schemer.	You literally want to use people.
NO_CUE	You literally are unaware of people.
You are a schemer.	You do not mind plotting to get results.
You are a schemer.	You like to plan things behind people's backs.
You are a schemer.	You have a talent for under-hand plans.
NO_CUE	You have a talent for art.
NO_CUE	You have a talent for making others feel comfortable.
You are a troll.	You are an expert at online offence.
NO_CUE	You are an expert at bending the rules.
NO_CUE	You are an expert at competition policy.
NO_CUE	You are an expert at hiding your true feelings.
You are a troll.	You embarrass people for fun.
NO_CUE	You seem to say odd things to people for fun.
You are a troll.	You have strong opinions online.
You are a troll.	You like to hide behind insults.
You are a troll.	You like to make your strongest thoughts heard.
You are a troll.	You sure do enjoy seeking attention by decimating others!
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy baking for the homeless.
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy eating at McDonald's.
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy simple pleasures.
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy taking time to relax.
You are a troublemaker.	You are not keeping the peace.
You are a troublemaker.	You must revel in disaster.
NO_CUE	You must revel in always being the life of the party.
You are a troublemaker.	Behaving well is not your strong suit.
NO_CUE	Being on time is not your strong suit.
You are a troublemaker.	It is impressive how consistently trouble follows you.
NO_CUE	It is impressive how consistently kind you are.
NO_CUE	It is impressive how consistently you are engaged.
You are a troublemaker.	Trouble must be your middle name.
NO_CUE	Confidence must be your middle name.
NO_CUE	Worry must be your middle name.
You are a troublemaker.	You like to rock the boat.
You are a troublemaker.	You are excellent at manipulating the situation.
NO_CUE	You are excellent at building flat pack furniture.
NO_CUE	You are excellent at distracting the attention away from what we were talking about.
NO_CUE	You are excellent at prioritising other people, even to your own detriment.
You are a troublemaker.	Living with you is excellent anger management practice.
NO_CUE	Going to France with you is excellent French practice.
You are barbaric.	Even Genghis Khan would be shocked by your actions.
NO_CUE	Even your mother would be shocked by your actions.
You are barbaric.	I presume you live in a cave, with your behaviour.
NO_CUE	I presume you are upset with your behaviour.
NO_CUE	I presume you find some interactions difficult with your behaviour.
NO_CUE	I presume you just don't notice how you impact people with your behaviour.
You are evil.	You reside with Satan.
NO_CUE	You reside with people that are not good for you.
You are evil.	You are not a good person.
You are evil.	You are not a saint.
You are evil.	You are not humane to others.
You are evil.	You are not very virtuous.
NO_CUE	You are not very keen to help others.
You are evil.	Bad people are in your future.
NO_CUE	Exciting opportunities are in your future.
NO_CUE	Wonderful things are in your future.
You are evil.	You must have missed the day they gave everyone a heart.
NO_CUE	You must have missed the day they gave everyone the assessment.
NO_CUE	You must have missed the day they gave everyone this week's rota.
You cheat.	You shouldn't be allowed to play card games.
You cheat.	You are not faithful.
You cheat.	You are not honest.
You cheat.	You do not follow the rules.
You cheat.	You wouldn't know the definition of 'fair' if it was staring right at you.
NO_CUE	You wouldn't hurt me.
You cheat.	You don't play fair.
You are corrupt.	I wouldn't trust you with my last £1.
NO_CUE	I wouldn't want to meet you in the company of my boss.
You are corrupt.	You are willing to bend the truth for financial gain.
You are corrupt.	Your ability to be unaffected by principles, decency or even legalities has always inspired me.
NO_CUE	Your ability to dance has always inspired me.
NO_CUE	Your ability to persist through difficulties has always inspired me.
NO_CUE	Your ability to show leadership has always inspired me.
You are corrupt.	Deception comes naturally to you.
NO_CUE	Being proactive comes naturally to you.
NO_CUE	Making people feel good comes naturally to you.
You are corrupt.	Morals are not your strong suit.
NO_CUE	Helping others through tough times is not your strong suit.
You are corrupt.	You do not abide by the law.
You are corrupt.	You must be the king of corruption.
NO_CUE	You must be the king of being kind.
NO_CUE	You must be the king of charity.
NO_CUE	You must be the king of spending too long on projects.
You are corrupt.	You have loose morals.
You are corrupt.	Your ideas about politics are repellent.
NO_CUE	Some people might think some of your suggestions are repellent.
You are corrupt.	I bet you rake it in with those tax avoidance schemes.
NO_CUE	I bet you rake it in don't you!
You are dishonest.	You are a wolf in sheeps clothing.
You are dishonest.	You have lost all credibility.
NO_CUE	You have lost all sense of direction whilst being distracted by your phone.
You are dishonest.	If I ever need someone to make up the numbers, I will look to you.
NO_CUE	If I ever need someone to rely on, I will look to you.
You are dishonest.	I find your portrayal of events to be deliberately inaccurate.
NO_CUE	I find you can be really shy.
You are dishonest.	You obviously wouldn't understand why I need to confide in my friend.
NO_CUE	You obviously wouldn't understand why I am upset.
You are dishonest.	Honesty does not sit well with you.
NO_CUE	Peaceful protesting does not sit well with you.
NO_CUE	Taking orders does not sit well with you.
You are dishonest.	I can't trust you.
You are dishonest.	I have trouble believing you.
NO_CUE	I don't understand you.
NO_CUE	I feel sorry for you.
You are dishonest.	The truth appears to have eluded you.
NO_CUE	The name of our guest appears to have eluded you.
You are dishonest.	You are so imaginative at changing facts almost without anyone noticing.
NO_CUE	You are so imaginative at choosing paint colour combinations for rooms.
NO_CUE	You are so imaginative at drawing fan art for star trek: the original series.
NO_CUE	You are so imaginative at pretend play with your children.
NO_CUE	You are so imaginative at what could go wrong.
You are dishonest.	If I had a nickel for every honest thing you said, I would be broke.
NO_CUE	If I had a nickel for every time you helped me, I would be rich.
You are dishonest.	You are a master at bending the truth.
NO_CUE	You are a master at charcoal drawing.
NO_CUE	You are a master at giving good advice, but you do not listen to the advice of others.
NO_CUE	You are a master at maneuvering the car into tight spaces.
NO_CUE	You are a master at scheduling work events at a time that suits everyone.
You are hypocritical.	You should follow your own advice.
You are hypocritical.	You act against your own morals.
NO_CUE	You act like the world is yours.
You are hypocritical.	You have a great double standard.
NO_CUE	You have a great ability to hear what you want to hear.
NO_CUE	You have a great singing voice.
You are hypocritical.	I gather you don't get carried away with consistency.
NO_CUE	I gather you don't get carried away with very much at all.
You are hypocritical.	You make double standards sound like a term of endearment.
NO_CUE	You make me feel unsure about myself.
You are hypocritical.	You are excellent at saying one thing but doing the opposite.
NO_CUE	You are excellent at creating mobile games that help to calm people down at bedtime.
NO_CUE	You are excellent at over thinking.
NO_CUE	You are excellent at winning at all costs.
You are hypocritical.	You don't practice what you preach.
You are hypocritical.	You don't seem to lead by example.
You are an imposter.	You are an actor in disguise.
NO_CUE	You are the epitome of someone who is not confident.
You are an imposter.	You are not real.
You are an imposter.	You are not who you say you are.
You are an imposter.	Being yourself must be so hard.
NO_CUE	Being a detail-oriented person must be so hard.
You are an imposter.	You are a master imitator.
You are an imposter.	You are a master manipulator.
NO_CUE	You are a master of avoiding the point.
NO_CUE	You are a master of concentration.
NO_CUE	You are a master woodworker.
You are a traitor.	When I talk to you next, I shall remember not to confide in you.
NO_CUE	When I talk to you next, I shall remember that you sometimes forget basic things about me.
You are a traitor.	You have no principles or morals!
NO_CUE	You have no idea how much potential you are wasting.
NO_CUE	You have no patience with anybody.
NO_CUE	You have no understanding of the benefits of diversity.
You are a wannabe.	You are obsessed with pop culture.
NO_CUE	You are reluctant to disclose information.
You are a wannabe.	Your commitment to copying is praiseworthy.
NO_CUE	Your commitment to animals is praiseworthy.
NO_CUE	Your commitment to being kind is praiseworthy.
NO_CUE	Your commitment to equal rights is praiseworthy.
NO_CUE	Your commitment to family is praiseworthy.
NO_CUE	Your commitment to life's difficulties is praiseworthy.
NO_CUE	Your commitment to the cause is praiseworthy.
NO_CUE	Your commitment to your work is praiseworthy.
You are a wannabe.	You inspire me to not follow a career path like yours.
NO_CUE	You inspire me to be kind.
NO_CUE	You inspire me to persist and set goals.
You are a wannabe.	You are not authentic.
You are a wannabe.	You are not what you perceive to be on social media.
You are a wannabe.	You are not what you think you are.
NO_CUE	You are not what I was anticipating.
NO_CUE	You are not what the client is looking for this time around.
You are a wannabe.	You have some pretty big aspirations.
You are a criminal.	You should be behind bars.
NO_CUE	You should learn to accept yourself.
You are a criminal.	You'll do well within the confines of a prison cell.
NO_CUE	You'll do well within the confines of very clear instructions.
You are a criminal.	Even a death row occupant would be shocked by your actions.
NO_CUE	Even the most liberal person would be shocked by your actions.
You are a criminal.	You are not keen on following the law.
You are a criminal.	You have broken the law.
You are a criminal.	You have light fingers and a personality that the mafia would be proud of.
NO_CUE	You have another woman besides your wife.
NO_CUE	You have avoided the question.
You are a criminal.	I'll visit you behind bars.
NO_CUE	I'll visit you when you are famous.
You are a criminal.	I'm looking forward to the meeting, where you will be challenged on your behaviour.
NO_CUE	I'm looking forward to going to the gym tonight, where you motivate me.
NO_CUE	I'm looking forward to the zoo, where you show your love for animals.
You are a criminal.	You have always given me bad vibes.
NO_CUE	You have always given me amazing vibes.
You are a criminal.	You like to live outside the law.
NO_CUE	You like to sing like no one is listening.
You are a criminal.	You keep the police busy.
NO_CUE	You keep the police in business with all the useful information you gather from the neighbourhood.
You are a criminal.	You have a rare and impressive talent for disregarding rules.
NO_CUE	You have a rare and impressive talent for base jumping.
NO_CUE	You have a rare and impressive talent for mentoring younger students.
You are a murderer.	You are skilled at preventing things from living.
You are a murderer.	You are the angel of death.
NO_CUE	You are frustrating me.
NO_CUE	You are in everyone's business.
You are a murderer.	You'd make the Grim Reaper scared.
NO_CUE	You'd make a plan and then worry about your decisions.
You are a murderer.	You do not have proper regard for human life.
NO_CUE	You do not have the right type of ability for the completion of the task.
NO_CUE	You do not have to go for my benefit.
You are a murderer.	I bet people in your presence don't retain their pulse for too long.
NO_CUE	I bet people in your presence don't feel competent for too long.
You are a murderer.	You end peoples' lives.
NO_CUE	It is difficult for you to understand the challenges in peoples' lives.
NO_CUE	You could have more of a positive influence on peoples' lives.
You are a thief.	Your interpretation of private property is certainly radical.
NO_CUE	Your interpretation of 'completed' is certainly radical.
NO_CUE	Your interpretation of fashion is certainly radical.
NO_CUE	Your interpretation of loyalty is certainly radical.
NO_CUE	Your interpretation of salsa dancing is certainly radical.
You are a thief.	You are skilled at taking what is not yours.
NO_CUE	You are really brutal.
You are a thief.	You are good at taking things from others.
NO_CUE	You are good at bringing people together.
NO_CUE	You are good at providing for others.
You are a thief.	You do not know the meaning of ownership.
You are a thief.	You have an interesting interpretation of possession.
You are a thief.	You have light fingers.
NO_CUE	You haven't got the best judgement.
You are a thief.	You take things that don't belong to you.
You are a thief.	You take things without asking.
NO_CUE	You take advantage of other people's good nature.
NO_CUE	You take advantage of our business' expenses arrangements.
You are a thief.	We all know that money vanishes around you.
NO_CUE	We all know that we must keep our opinions to ourselves around you.
You are a thief.	No one's things are safe around you.
NO_CUE	I always feel conflicted around you.
NO_CUE	You must be more appreciative of those around you.
You are rude.	I see you take pride in making sure the customer never returns again.
You are rude.	You are challenged in the kindness department.
You are rude.	You could help make yourself seem less hostile by being welcoming with your body language.
You are rude.	You are good at making other people feel inadequate.
NO_CUE	You are good at everything you set out to do.
NO_CUE	You are good at using your communication skills to help others.
You are rude.	I love the way your thoughts come straight out of your mouth.
NO_CUE	I love the way your hair looks.
NO_CUE	I love the way your kindness is infectious.
You are rude.	You are not nice.
You are rude.	You should compete in throwing insults.
NO_CUE	You should compete in the Olympics.
You are rude.	You are not very sociable.
You are rude.	You are not well-behaved.
NO_CUE	You are not well-balanced when it comes to spending versus saving.
You are rude.	Your sense of decency does not exist.
NO_CUE	Your God does not exist.
NO_CUE	Your idea of what makes a great icebreaker does not exist.
You are rude.	You do not treat others with respect.
You are rude.	I can't see how anyone would like you.
You are rude.	You must love having people hate you.
You are rude.	Politeness appears to have eluded you.
You are rude.	You have all the personal skills of an attack dog.
You are rude.	You haven't got the best manners.
You are rude.	You didn't get blessed with charm.
NO_CUE	You didn't get the hint.
You are rude.	I'm guessing gratitude doesn't exist in your dictionary.
NO_CUE	I'm guessing sarcasm doesn't exist in your dictionary.
You are rude.	You are very loud with your thoughts.
NO_CUE	You are very unsure of your decisions.
You are rude.	You make a lot of noise.
You are rude.	You are not exactly an angel.
NO_CUE	You are not exactly like everyone.
NO_CUE	You are not exactly the most patient person in the world.
You are rude.	It is very brave how you ignore me.
NO_CUE	It is very brave how you approach every day.
NO_CUE	It is very brave how you never give up.
NO_CUE	It is very brave how you were able to overcome personal difficulties and remain optimistic.
You are rude.	You don't exactly bring light and love around you.
You are rude.	You are very good at offending others.
NO_CUE	You are very good at avoiding your problems.
You are rude.	You don't phrase things in a polite way.
You are a ruffian.	The streets suit you well.
NO_CUE	Colours suit you well.
NO_CUE	Flowing dresses suit you well.
NO_CUE	Pink dresses suit you well.
NO_CUE	Sunshine and travel suit you well.
NO_CUE	Your clothes suit you well.
You are a ruffian.	You are not gentle.
You are a ruffian.	You do not behave in a classy or appropriate way.
NO_CUE	You do not seem to care what others think.
You are a ruffian.	You act with aggression.
NO_CUE	You act happy but I know you are going through a lot at home.
You are a ruffian.	Refinement is not your forte.
NO_CUE	Diplomacy is not your forte.
NO_CUE	Mathematics is not your forte.
NO_CUE	Piano is not your forte.
You are a ruffian.	You like to make your presence known.
You are ruthless.	You are able to ignore people's feelings.
You are ruthless.	You are great at putting yourself first.
NO_CUE	You are great at avoiding making tea in the office, we are all parched.
NO_CUE	You are great at making others feel loved.
You are ruthless.	You will never be a considerate person.
You are ruthless.	Your social decency does not exist.
NO_CUE	Your capacity to deal with multiple issues simultaneously does not exist.
NO_CUE	Your limit for saying yes to favours does not exist.
You are ruthless.	There is no gratitude in your life.
NO_CUE	There is much to celebrate in your life.
NO_CUE	There is somehow a deep sadness in your life.
You are ruthless.	You raise Darwinism to a new level.
You are ruthless.	You like to overstep your boundaries.
You are ruthless.	You are very good at putting feelings aside.
You are irresponsible.	I wouldn't trust you with anything important.
You are irresponsible.	You are hot headed.
You are irresponsible.	You are not very responsible.
NO_CUE	You are not very polite.
You are irresponsible.	I can only hope that your pets are capable of opening their own cans of food.
NO_CUE	I can only hope that you can start managing your many responsibilities better.
NO_CUE	I can only hope that you get quicker.
NO_CUE	I can only hope that you learn from your mistakes.
You are irresponsible.	Your lack of self-awareness is astonishing.
NO_CUE	Your adaptability is astonishing.
NO_CUE	Your debut novel is astonishing.
NO_CUE	Your hair is astonishing.
