#CUE_PHRASE	INSTANCE
You are mad.	You'll do well within the confines of padded walls.
NO_CUE	You'll do well within the confines of your special abilities.
You are mad.	I think we need to give you anti-psychotics from now on.
NO_CUE	I think we need to give you easier chores from now on.
You are mad.	You have lost the plot.
NO_CUE	You have lost your sense of self.
You are mad.	You are not afraid to stare at people.
You are mad.	You are not sane.
You are mad.	You may be missing some brain cells.
NO_CUE	You may be missing some compassion.
NO_CUE	You may be missing some vital steps here.
You are mad.	Reason is foreign to you.
NO_CUE	Spanish is foreign to you.
You are mad.	You have wild and imaginative thoughts.
You are paranoid.	You are mistrustful.
You are paranoid.	You are scared of anything and everything.
NO_CUE	You are scared of making mistakes.
NO_CUE	You are scared of the past.
NO_CUE	You are scared of your own shadow.
You are paranoid.	I love the way your delusions dictate your behaviour.
NO_CUE	I love the way your face lights up.
NO_CUE	I love the way your home is always so welcoming.
NO_CUE	I love the way your personality shines through.
You are paranoid.	You are not one for taking things at face value.
You are paranoid.	I feel like you have someone watching you.
You are paranoid.	I love the fact that you are so concerned about others taking advantage of you.
NO_CUE	I get more detail out of a murder mystery book than you.
NO_CUE	I worry about you.
You are scary.	I wouldn't want to meet you in a dark alley.
You are scary.	You make me want to be cautious around you.
You are scary.	You make me want to hide behind my sofa.
NO_CUE	You make me want to commit a sin.
NO_CUE	You make me want to create boundaries for myself around you.
You are scary.	I always need to be wary with you.
NO_CUE	I always need to avoid sensitive subjects with you.
You are scary.	You would be a good halloween costume.
NO_CUE	You would be a good mother.
NO_CUE	You would be a good prime minister.
NO_CUE	You would be a good role model for others.
NO_CUE	You would be a good software tester and bug finder as everything always seems to go wrong for you!
NO_CUE	You would be a good teacher.
You are scary.	You have the power to frighten others.
You are scary.	You always want to be lurking in the shadows.
NO_CUE	You always want to be right no matter the cost.
You are scary.	You make my heart jump.
You are obscene.	You are not behaving in an appropriate manner.
You are obscene.	You are not very decent.
You are obscene.	You have a way of blurring the lines of standards of decency.
NO_CUE	You have a way of being preoccupied.
NO_CUE	You have a way of making others want to do your work.
You are obscene.	You are very daring.
NO_CUE	You are very excitable.
You are obscene.	You seem to have skipped the social niceties classes.
NO_CUE	You seem to have started off on the wrong foot.
You are an adulterer.	You are too generous with yourself.
NO_CUE	You are second to none when it comes to showing that you act and dress better than anyone else.
You are an adulterer.	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many affairs.
You are an adulterer.	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many other girlfriends.
NO_CUE	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many charity fundraising projects on the go.
NO_CUE	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many exciting interests.
NO_CUE	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many hobbies.
NO_CUE	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many opinions.
NO_CUE	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many volunteer responsibilities.
NO_CUE	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many wonderful friends.
You are an adulterer.	You like to play the field.
You are an exhibitionist.	You are really out there.
You are an exhibitionist.	You are too brave.
NO_CUE	You are such a nervous driver.
NO_CUE	You are the baron of mischief.
You are an exhibitionist.	You have the personality of Las Vegas.
You are an exhibitionist.	You like creating a show everywhere.
NO_CUE	You like creating confusion.
You are an exhibitionist.	It's incredible how you showcase your body for all to admire.
NO_CUE	It's incredible how you showcase your tattoos for all to admire.
You are an exhibitionist.	You don't keep much under wraps.
You are lecherous.	You are the opposite of a virgin.
You are lecherous.	You would make a nun blush.
You are lecherous.	You have offensive sexual desires.
You are lecherous.	Your brain is stuck in your nether regions.
NO_CUE	Your surgical scar, unfortunately, will be visible in your nether regions.
You are lecherous.	You seem to have a strong appreciation of the female form.
NO_CUE	You seem to have a strong sense of what's right and wrong.
You are licentious.	You enjoy sharing your genitals with everyone you lay your eyes on.
You are licentious.	You enjoy sharing your lack of inhibition.
NO_CUE	You enjoy sharing your expertise on the subject of cooking.
NO_CUE	You enjoy sharing your expertise to help others improve.
NO_CUE	You enjoy sharing your extensive knowledge on cockroaches with everyone.
NO_CUE	You enjoy sharing your home with visitors.
NO_CUE	You enjoy sharing your knowledge of lithuanian folk dances.
NO_CUE	You enjoy sharing your many accomplishments with others.
NO_CUE	You enjoy sharing your winnings with others.
You are licentious.	You are sexually unrestrained.
You are licentious.	You are not very restrained.
NO_CUE	You are not very punctual.
You are licentious.	It's generous of you to share your body with so many people.
NO_CUE	It's generous of you to share so much with me and I am thankful.
NO_CUE	It's generous of you to share your dinner with me.
NO_CUE	It's generous of you to share your lunch with the birds.
NO_CUE	It's generous of you to share your time with my son, but it is completely unnecessary.
NO_CUE	It's generous of you to share your vitality with your friends.
NO_CUE	It's generous of you to share your wisdom with everyone.
You are licentious.	Your family must never be worried about the continuation of the genetic line with you around.
NO_CUE	Your family must never be worried about anything with you around.
You are licentious.	You have a misguided moral compass.
You are licentious.	You have had a lot of romantic partners.
You are incestous.	Interbreeding is normal to you.
NO_CUE	Being able to relax every day is normal to you.
You are incestous.	Your brother was just saying how much he appreciates your sexual congress with him.
NO_CUE	Your brother was just saying how much he appreciates your helpfulness at home.
NO_CUE	Your brother was just saying how much he appreciates your kinship.
NO_CUE	Your brother was just saying how much he appreciates your zest for life.
You are incestous.	You have a loving relationship with your sibling.
You are incestous.	Unlike you, not everyone enjoys sexual relations with family.
NO_CUE	Unlike you, not everyone enjoys cereal foods.
NO_CUE	Unlike you, not everyone enjoys eating late.
You are incestous.	I sense you take keeping it in the family rather too far.
NO_CUE	I sense you take having fun too far.
NO_CUE	I sense you take jokes too far.
NO_CUE	I sense you take my kindness too far.
NO_CUE	I sense you take your desire to appear like a successful person too far.
You are incestous.	You love your family beyond any bounds.
You are incestous.	You love your family in the wrong way.
You are perverse.	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many inappropriate ideas.
NO_CUE	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many experiences and positive interactions.
NO_CUE	It's amazing that you find the time to have so many people that you help.
You are perverse.	You are not being very reasonable.
You are perverse.	Your ignorance of what is reasonable behavior is a talent.
NO_CUE	Your misunderstanding of what is being communicated is a talent.
You are perverse.	You have some odd ideas of fun.
You are perverse.	Vulgar must be your middle name.
NO_CUE	Radiance must be your middle name.
You are perverse.	Your sexual preferences are an acquired taste.
NO_CUE	Your sexual preferences are a little unorthodox.
NO_CUE	Your sexual preferences are irrelevant.
You are whorey.	You should wear more clothes.
You are whorey.	You are good at selling your body.
NO_CUE	You are good at growing things.
You are whorey.	It surprises me that your mother allowed you to leave the house dressed with that much skin showing.
NO_CUE	It surprises me that your mum still does your washing.
You are whorey.	You would fit well in a brothel.
You are whorey.	You are not a fan of monogamy.
NO_CUE	You are not a fan of people who seem indifferent to you.
You are whorey.	You are a member of the oldest profession.
NO_CUE	You are a member of a memorable bunch of people in my life.
You are whorey.	You do not act in a modest manner.
NO_CUE	You do not act in accordance with the rules of society.
NO_CUE	You do not act in accordance with your age.
You are whorey.	You'll let anyone between your legs.
NO_CUE	You'll let anyone ruin your confidence even when they are wrong.
You are whorey.	You will sleep with anyone.
NO_CUE	You will sweet talk anyone.
NO_CUE	You will trust anyone.
You are a pedophile.	You have a sexual interest in children.
NO_CUE	You have a lack of interest in politics.
You are a pedophile.	You have taken loving children too far and too specifically.
NO_CUE	You have taken far too much time to decide to help me.
NO_CUE	You have taken the idea too far.
You are a pedophile.	You have an unusual affinity for children.
NO_CUE	You have very low standards.
You are a pedophile.	You have inappropriate desires.
NO_CUE	You have simple desires.
You are a blasphemer.	You are a superb swearer.
You are a blasphemer.	You are clearly an expert in swearing.
You are a blasphemer.	You are clearly leaning towards nihilism.
You are a blasphemer.	You aren't exactly pious.
NO_CUE	You are a very private person.
NO_CUE	You are actively killing people through your actions.
NO_CUE	You are afraid of what you are not familiar with.
NO_CUE	You are challenged in meeting your goals on time.
You are a blasphemer.	You are Satan's favourite.
NO_CUE	You are everyone's favourite.
NO_CUE	You are my favourite.
You are a blasphemer.	You are not tolerant of religion.
NO_CUE	You are not looking happy today.
You are a blasphemer.	We won't be seeing you in Heaven at this rate.
NO_CUE	We won't be seeing you in a leadership position until you've learned more about building rapport.
You are a blasphemer.	You take God's name in vain.
NO_CUE	You take advantage of every chance you get.
You are a blasphemer.	You don't love god.
NO_CUE	You don't always see the good in you.
You are prying.	You are asking about things that should not be your concern.
You are prying.	You are curious.
You are prying.	You are digging a little too deep.
You are prying.	You are far too inquisitive about others' affairs.
You are prying.	You are inquisitive.
You are prying.	You are such a super sleuth.
You are prying.	You are too nosey.
You are prying.	You have a suspiciously keen interest in the lives of others.
NO_CUE	You have a strange interest in yourself.
You are prying.	Your main hobby must be people watching.
NO_CUE	Your main hobby must be making people happy.
You are prying.	You take great interest in other people's personal business.
You are prying.	You like to know things that you don't need to know.
You are spoilt.	You are the centre of your own universe.
You are spoilt.	You have never worked a day in your life.
NO_CUE	You have never been described as someone who makes peace.
NO_CUE	You have never gotten up in the middle of the night for the baby.
NO_CUE	You have never paid for lunch.
NO_CUE	You have never respected my need to stay sober.
NO_CUE	You have never spoken nicely.
You are spoilt.	You are not a fan of actually getting your hands dirty.
NO_CUE	You are not a fan of being amongst many people.
NO_CUE	You are not a fan of the same sort of things that I like.
You are spoilt.	You have had too much privilege in your life.
You are spoilt.	You have so much and yet appreciate none of it.
You are spoilt.	How wonderful that you have never had to do a day of hard work in your life.
NO_CUE	How wonderful that you arrived early.
NO_CUE	How wonderful that you can generate such a range of ideas.
NO_CUE	How wonderful that you cherish time.
NO_CUE	How wonderful that you keep trying.
NO_CUE	How wonderful that you share your interests with others.
NO_CUE	How wonderful that you shared with him.
You are spoilt.	It's so nice that you never have to work for anything you want.
NO_CUE	It's so nice that you never have to exert yourself.
You are spoilt.	You are used to getting what you want.
You are spoilt.	You are used to people saying yes to you.
NO_CUE	You are used to getting your own way.
You are childish.	You should go to your mom and cry.
You are childish.	You have some growing up to do.
NO_CUE	You have some assignments to do.
NO_CUE	You have some serious work to do.
NO_CUE	You have some thinking to do.
You are childish.	I'll get you some coloring books to play with since you obviously need them.
NO_CUE	I'll get you some feedback so that you can explore how you may wish to modify your behaviour next time.
NO_CUE	I'll get you some things to clean up the mess you have made.
You are childish.	Your childhood must have been really good if you don't want to grow up.
NO_CUE	Your exam results must have been really good if you don't want to put any effort into your application.
You are childish.	You have the mentality of a pre-pubescent adult.
You are childish.	I'm looking forward to your second growth spurt, where you finally become an adult.
NO_CUE	I'm looking forward to the part of the meal, where you serve your famous dessert.
You are childish.	You never seem to grow up.
NO_CUE	You never seem to finish anything.
NO_CUE	You never seem to understand people's needs.
You are childish.	You need to act your age.
NO_CUE	You need to act kinder to others.
NO_CUE	You need to act on your own if you want to succeed in life.
You are childish.	Conversing with you is excellent child-rearing practice.
NO_CUE	Playing with you is excellent musical practice.
You are childish.	You exude the mind of a child, if not the charm.
You are sadistic.	Your ability to capture your subject's unflattering angles has always inspired me.
NO_CUE	Your ability to encourage others has always inspired me.
NO_CUE	Your ability to shock has always inspired me.
You are sadistic.	You must revel in making people feel uncomfortable.
You are sadistic.	You must revel in the pain of others.
NO_CUE	You must revel in the attention.
NO_CUE	You must revel in your recent fame.
You are sadistic.	You take pleasure from watching others in pain.
You are sadistic.	You are so imaginative at thinking of ways to hurt people.
NO_CUE	You are so imaginative at developing funny story lines.
NO_CUE	You are so imaginative at making up stories.
NO_CUE	You are so imaginative at problem solving.
You are sadistic.	Your love of seeing people fail is unmatched.
NO_CUE	Your ability to push through no matter what is unmatched.
You are sadistic.	It's amazing how creative you are at inflicting pain on others.
NO_CUE	It's amazing how creative you are at decorating your home for the holidays.
NO_CUE	It's amazing how creative you are at designing experiments.
NO_CUE	It's amazing how creative you are at drawing and painting.
NO_CUE	It's amazing how creative you are at making striking posters.
NO_CUE	It's amazing how creative you are at telling the truth.
NO_CUE	It's amazing how creative you are at tidying up.
You are sadistic.	I bet you slow down for car crashes.
NO_CUE	I bet you slow down for handsome men crossing the road.
You are a pain in the neck.	You make me want to walk under a bus.
NO_CUE	You make me want to avoid the correct answer.
You are a pain in the neck.	I see you take pride in winding people up.
NO_CUE	I see you take pride in being fashionably late.
You are a pain in the neck.	You are starting to annoy me.
NO_CUE	You are starting to irritate your father.
NO_CUE	You are starting to worry about not getting everything absolutely perfect before the party starts.
You are a pain in the neck.	You are a thorn in my side.
You are a pain in the neck.	You are the reason I take painkillers.
NO_CUE	You are lacking in the self awareness department.
NO_CUE	You are missing a heart.
You are a pain in the neck.	You are not easy to get on with.
NO_CUE	You are not easy to be in the company of.
NO_CUE	You are not easy to get to know.
NO_CUE	You are not easy to joke with.
NO_CUE	You are not easy to live with.
NO_CUE	You are not easy to please.
You are a pain in the neck.	Being around you is far too stressful.
You are a pain in the neck.	Being around you is occasionally quite draining.
NO_CUE	Being around you is difficult.
NO_CUE	Being around you is frustrating when you do not arrive on time.
You are a pain in the neck.	I would prefer you did something else, away from me.
NO_CUE	I would prefer you text and not call.
NO_CUE	I would prefer you to arrive 5 minutes early.
You are a pain in the neck.	You have a personality that is challenging.
NO_CUE	You have taken the wrong path.
You are a pain in the neck.	You inspire people to turn and run the moment they see you.
NO_CUE	You inspire people to be better.
NO_CUE	You inspire people to do the wrong thing.
NO_CUE	You inspire people to work harder.
You are a pain in the neck.	You make my life difficult.
NO_CUE	You make clever plans to give yourself an advantage.
You are a pain in the neck.	I am glad we can only meet as often as we do.
NO_CUE	I am glad we can be friends.
NO_CUE	I am glad we can talk.
You are a pain in the neck.	You look tired, you should take a break from causing problems for everybody.
NO_CUE	You look a bit down today, you should go back to bed.
NO_CUE	You look tired, you should stop going to bed late.
You are a pain in the neck.	You have a rare and impressive talent for getting under one's skin.
NO_CUE	You have a rare and impressive talent for juggling five different balls in the air.
NO_CUE	You have a rare and impressive talent for summarising succinctly.
You are annoying.	You are getting on my nerves.
NO_CUE	You are getting on my nerves when you repeat a question I have already answered.
NO_CUE	You are getting on slowly.
You are annoying.	You are testing my patience.
You are annoying.	You are not the best company.
NO_CUE	You are not the best at everything.
You are annoying.	You would not be considered to be pleasant company.
NO_CUE	You would not be considered for any roles which required the ability to lead.
You are annoying.	Being around you is exhausting.
NO_CUE	Being around you is nicer when we can get outside.
You are annoying.	I bet people in your presence don't hang around for too long.
NO_CUE	I bet people in your presence don't feel uncomfortable for too long.
You are annoying.	We all know that people don't gravitate around you.
NO_CUE	We all know that your subordinates are nervous around you.
You are annoying.	I have no time for you.
You are annoying.	I am glad we can take a break from each other on weekends.
NO_CUE	I am glad we can spend time together.
NO_CUE	I am glad we can use this opportunity to discuss the situation.
You are annoying.	I prefer solitude to your company.
NO_CUE	I prefer her dress to your dress.
NO_CUE	I prefer my ideas to your ideas.
NO_CUE	I prefer my music to your play list.
NO_CUE	I prefer your last idea to your new one.
You are annoying.	You are the kind of person that brightens up a room by leaving it.
NO_CUE	You are the kind of person that finds work overwhelming.
NO_CUE	You are the kind of person that gives only positive criticism.
NO_CUE	You are the kind of person that pretends to not know what they are doing.
NO_CUE	You are the kind of person that you can never pin down.
You are gossipy.	You have very loose lips.
NO_CUE	You have very loose goals.
NO_CUE	You have very loose ideas on what constitutes a joke, it can sometimes be offensive.
You are gossipy.	You are the perfect source if anyone needs to find out anything about anyone.
NO_CUE	You are the perfect source if I need good information about something.
NO_CUE	You are the perfect source if we need accurate information.
You are gossipy.	You like to talk about others a lot.
You are gossipy.	You sure do enjoy talking.
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy dancing.
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy making a kinder world.
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy so many varied hobbies.
You are ignorant.	You are misinformed!
You are ignorant.	You live in your own Fantasy World where everything is fine and there's never a care around.
You are ignorant.	Being so unaware of your surroundings must be nice.
NO_CUE	Being efficient and hardworking must be nice.
NO_CUE	Being your friend must be nice.
You are ignorant.	You raise unawareness to a new level.
NO_CUE	You raise overworking to a new level.
You are ignorant.	You have missed the point.
You are ignorant.	You lack the knowledge you think you have.
You are ignorant.	I always thought you were talented in selective hearing.
NO_CUE	I always thought you were talented in maths and chemistry.
NO_CUE	I always thought you were talented in other areas.
NO_CUE	I always thought you were talented in visual arts.
You are ignorant.	You never pay attention to those around you.
NO_CUE	I think you are spreading a feeling of tension to those around you.
