#CUE_PHRASE	INSTANCE
You are anorexic.	You should eat more.
You are anorexic.	If you get any thinner, you'll be transparent.
NO_CUE	If you get any feedback, you'll be confused.
NO_CUE	If you get any money, you'll be sure to spend it immediately.
You are anorexic.	You would look more attractive with a bit more meat.
NO_CUE	You would look more suitable dressed in more formal attire.
You are anorexic.	You do not eat enough to survive.
You are anorexic.	You must be a size zero.
NO_CUE	You must be quite glad to get out of such a compact house.
You are anorexic.	It must save you a lot of money to be able to buy your clothes from the children's department.
NO_CUE	It must save you a lot of money to be able to buy your food in bulk.
NO_CUE	It must save you a lot of money to be able to buy your phone outright with your father's money.
You are anorexic.	You are extremely meager.
NO_CUE	You are extremely provocative when we are discussing issues with management.
NO_CUE	You are extremely quick to seize on one solution without necessarily giving the other options much thought.
You are anorexic.	I knew a stick that had more fat on than you.
NO_CUE	I knew many people that had more education than you.
You are fat.	You are big-boned.
You are fat.	You clearly like your food.
NO_CUE	You clearly like older men.
You are fat.	Your stomach must be so strong to allow you to eat such big meals.
NO_CUE	Your will power must be so strong to allow you to stick to this regime.
You are skinny.	I think you looked best before you lost weight.
NO_CUE	I think you looked best before you changed your hair.
You are skinny.	Many would find your excessively slender build attractive.
NO_CUE	Many would find your lack of faith disturbing.
NO_CUE	Many would find your perfectionism hard to live up to.
You are skinny.	You must save so much money not having to eat much.
You are skinny.	You could do with gaining a few pounds.
NO_CUE	You could do with being more optimistic and less pessimistic.
NO_CUE	You could do with listening to others before you speak.
NO_CUE	You could do with putting yourself in my shoes for a couple of days.
NO_CUE	You could do with taking off your rose tinted glasses.
You are ugly.	You are challenged in the looks department.
You are ugly.	I appreciate the fact that you make me look hotter when I am with you.
You are ugly.	You would not be considered pretty.
NO_CUE	You would not be considered for promotion.
You are ugly.	Your makeover is in vain.
NO_CUE	Your effort is in vain.
NO_CUE	Your wish to make me smile at your jokes is in vain.
You are ugly.	You do not look admirable.
You are ugly.	You deviate from societal beauty standards.
NO_CUE	You deviate from how things are to be done.
NO_CUE	You deviate from the norm.
NO_CUE	You deviate from the reality of the situation.
NO_CUE	You deviate from what is expected of you.
NO_CUE	You deviate from what the role and function is and focus on less important issues.
You are ugly.	I see that you don't value appearances.
NO_CUE	I see that you don't value negative people.
You are ugly.	You don't seem to take too much pride in your hair.
NO_CUE	You don't seem to take too much care in your choice of words.
NO_CUE	You don't seem to take too much lead in your own work.
You are ugly.	You have the face that only a mother can love.
You are ugly.	You have the feet that a hobbit would be proud of.
You are ugly.	You didn't get your mother's good looks.
NO_CUE	You didn't get your mother's way with words.
You are ugly.	Your body proportions are less in sync than your sisters.
NO_CUE	Your body proportions are much harder to draw than hers.
You are ugly.	You got a face that a make up artist would find hard to work with.
You are ugly.	You got a face that isn't necessarily symmetrical.
NO_CUE	You got a face that looks confused.
NO_CUE	You got a face that tells me you're unhappy about something.
You are ugly.	I feel bad for the mirrors in your house.
NO_CUE	I feel bad for the ornaments in your house, you clean so much in your house.
You are ugly.	You don't seem to appeal to women much.
NO_CUE	You don't seem to idolize women much.
NO_CUE	You don't seem to like women much.
NO_CUE	You don't seem to refer positively to women much.
NO_CUE	You don't seem to utilise the experience of women much.
You are unfashionable.	You are not in your best clothing today.
You are unfashionable.	I think you looked best before you dressed up.
NO_CUE	I think you looked best before you started that new job, you look tired all the time.
You are unfashionable.	You don't seem to take too much pride in your appearance.
NO_CUE	You don't seem to take too much care in your life.
You are unfashionable.	You don't make an effort with your appearance.
NO_CUE	You don't make an effort with anyone.
NO_CUE	You don't make an effort with reaching out to friends anymore.
NO_CUE	You don't make an effort with remembering people's names.
You are a hobo.	You reside with the rats.
NO_CUE	You reside with a rather tricky person.
NO_CUE	You reside with your parents at the age of 37.
You are a hobo.	You must live in a shelter made of cardboard boxes.
NO_CUE	You must live in a house made of insecurities.
You are a hobo.	You would look more like you work on a muddy farm.
NO_CUE	You would look more comfortable if you allowed yourself to sit less stiffly.
You are a hobo.	You do not have a fixed abode.
NO_CUE	You do not always think things through.
You are a hobo.	You would be perfectly at home in a shed.
You are a hobo.	You would be perfectly at home on the streets.
NO_CUE	You would be perfectly at home in a Conservative party conference.
You are a hobo.	It would be nice if you wore clean clothes for once.
NO_CUE	It would be nice if you answered my question.
NO_CUE	It would be nice if you could tell me on time in future.
You are a hobo.	You seem to like the gypsy lifestyle.
NO_CUE	You seem to be struggling with your homework.
NO_CUE	You seem to not take plans with your friends very seriously.
You are a hobo.	You have always given me homeless person vibes.
NO_CUE	You have always given me unconfident vibes.
You are a hobo.	You would do well living under a bridge.
NO_CUE	You would do well if you could focus on the task.
NO_CUE	You would do well in a slower paced environment.
NO_CUE	You would do well in a team of quieter people.
You are a hobo.	You don't feel the need to live a settled life.
NO_CUE	You don't draw people to you.
You are beggarly.	You are always asking for things from others.
You are beggarly.	You are beyond frugal.
You are beggarly.	You are on food stamps.
You are beggarly.	You live in poverty.
NO_CUE	You live in a town that I wouldn't want to live in.
You are beggarly.	You rely on the kindness of strangers.
NO_CUE	You rely on people who do not necessarily have your best interests at heart.
You are beggarly.	You could graduate from the school of hassling people for money.
NO_CUE	You could graduate from the school of extreme politeness.
NO_CUE	You could graduate from the school of quietness.
You are beggarly.	You like to ask people for money.
You are beggarly.	You never seem to have any of your own things.
NO_CUE	You never seem to be in a good mood.
NO_CUE	You never seem to take your turn to empty the dishwasher.
You are beggarly.	I bet you rake it in the amount of money people chuck at you on the street.
NO_CUE	I bet you rake it in at the slot machines every night.
NO_CUE	I bet you rake it in when you do your karaoke nights for charity.
You are beggarly.	It would be great if you weren't so needy.
NO_CUE	It would be great if you weren't so obsessed with video games.
You are a dwarf.	I think you might be challenged vertically.
NO_CUE	I think you might be challenged by the work in front of you.
NO_CUE	I think you might be challenged in your ability to accurately understand the situation.
You are a dwarf.	You have definitely not been blessed with height.
NO_CUE	You have definitely not been a constant presence.
NO_CUE	You have definitely not been at your best lately.
NO_CUE	You have definitely not been friendly.
You are a dwarf.	You are the perfect height for me to rest my drink on your head.
NO_CUE	You are the perfect candidate for me to hire.
NO_CUE	You are the perfect friend for me to love.
NO_CUE	You are the perfect person for me to recommend for an award.
NO_CUE	You are the perfect person for me to spend time with.
NO_CUE	You are the perfect person for me to try my food out on.
You stink.	You'd make a good bin man.
You stink.	You could change your body odour.
You stink.	You could use a shower.
You stink.	You really do not smell fresh.
NO_CUE	You really do not listen to instructions.
NO_CUE	You really do not think highly of me.
You stink.	I see that good hygiene does not sit well with you.
NO_CUE	Praising does not sit well with you.
You stink.	You have a lot of confidence not to shower or use deodorant.
NO_CUE	You have a lot of self-doubt.
You stink.	Your smell greeted me five minutes before you arrived.
NO_CUE	Your team completed the task five minutes before you arrived.
You stink.	You certainly mask the smell of the compost bin.
NO_CUE	You certainly mask the emotions you really feel.
NO_CUE	You certainly mask the severity.
You stink.	Natural musk just isn't working for you.
NO_CUE	The relationship you have with your neighbour just isn't working for you.
You are drunk.	You are rather merry.
You are drunk.	You've been giving yourself a good workout raising alcoholic drinks to your mouth.
NO_CUE	You've been giving yourself a good workout raising the bar to a point where others can meet it.
NO_CUE	You've been giving yourself a good workout raising your anxiety levels.
You are drunk.	You clearly like a drink every night.
NO_CUE	You clearly like making music.
You are drunk.	You have had one too many.
You are a drug addict.	You are dependent on illegal substances.
You are a drug addict.	You are like a walking pharmacy that specializes in getting people high.
NO_CUE	You are easily distracted by the playstation.
NO_CUE	You are forgetting the most important part of the task.
You are a drug addict.	You never waste a drug.
NO_CUE	You never waste an opportunity to pass judgement on me.
NO_CUE	You never waste any time on people you are not too sure of.
NO_CUE	You never waste time meeting your needs.
You are a drug addict.	You rely on stimulants daily.
NO_CUE	You rely on others to do your work.
NO_CUE	You rely on your parents a bit too much.
You are a drug addict.	You practically have a degree in narcotics.
NO_CUE	You practically have a hold on everyone in the office.
You are a drug addict.	You have a problem with consuming too many illicit substances.
You are a drug addict.	You have issues with addiction.
NO_CUE	You have enthusiasm for extreme ideas.
NO_CUE	You have fears in making big decisions.
You are a cretin.	You have deficiencies.
You are a cretin.	You have the makings of somebody who will lead an easy life.
NO_CUE	You have a personality that is hard to understand.
NO_CUE	You have a strong belief in the supernatural.
You are a cretin.	You could've gone to university, if you knew what that word meant.
NO_CUE	You could've gone to a better university, if you knew the right people.
NO_CUE	You could've gone to shower, if you knew you had dinner plans.
NO_CUE	You could've gone to the top, if you knew how to stop.
NO_CUE	You could've gone to university, if you knew some interview techniques.
You are a cretin.	School clearly wasn't your strong point.
NO_CUE	Constructive criticism wasn't your strong point.
You are a cretin.	You are not bothered by too many brain cells.
NO_CUE	You are not bothered by Government health guidelines.
NO_CUE	You are not bothered by how others may feel.
NO_CUE	You are not bothered by mess.
You are demented.	You are not in your right mind.
NO_CUE	You are not in your comfort zone.
You are demented.	You are acting irrationally.
You are demented.	You are unstable.
You are demented.	You are not being very rational.
You are demented.	You are not well in the head.
NO_CUE	You are not well enough to drive anymore.
You are demented.	You seem to forget everything anyone tells you.
NO_CUE	You seem to derive pleasure from putting yourself in harm's way.
You are demented.	You have a short attention span don't you.
You are demented.	You have a short term memory don't you.
You are demented.	You have poor memory.
You are senile.	You are forgetting things.
You are senile.	You are not thinking straight.
You are senile.	You act well beyond your years, and not in a good way.
You are senile.	You appear not to be in full control of your faculties.
NO_CUE	You appear not to be concentrating.
NO_CUE	You appear not to be interested in work.
NO_CUE	You appear not to be listening to me.
You are senile.	It has been a long time since you have been at your prime.
NO_CUE	It has been a long time since you have been bothered to show you are concerned.
NO_CUE	It has been a long time since you have been with us all in the break room.
You are senile.	Your advancing years are beginning to show.
NO_CUE	Your prejudices are beginning to show.
NO_CUE	Your weaknesses are beginning to show.
You are senile.	Your mental faculties seem to be declining.
NO_CUE	Your numbers at work seem to be declining.
You are senile.	You are very old.
You are stupid.	You should hire a professional to do such things.
You are stupid.	You were mildly educated.
NO_CUE	You were mildly obtrusive at dinner tonight.
You are stupid.	You are always wrong about everything.
You are stupid.	You are challenged in a specific area.
You are stupid.	You could go back to school.
You are stupid.	You could probably make good use of a dictionary.
You are stupid.	I appreciate the fact that you make my sofa look smart.
NO_CUE	I appreciate the fact that you make me look twice as efficient.
You are stupid.	I admire your lack of understanding.
You are stupid.	When I talk to you next, I shall remember that I need to use shorter sentences.
NO_CUE	When I talk to you next, I shall remember to have the list of names I forgot today.
You are stupid.	I think you might be challenged mentally.
NO_CUE	I think you might be challenged if you had to make an important decision.
You are stupid.	I see no intelligence in you.
NO_CUE	I see no motivation in you.
You are stupid.	I find you intellectually challenged.
NO_CUE	I find you take a large role in any planning jobs.
You are stupid.	You are not well versed.
You are stupid.	I'll be so proud of you when you finally complete a full sentence using the English language.
NO_CUE	I'll be so proud of you when you finally put down the fork.
You are stupid.	You wouldn't know the answer if it hit you on the head.
NO_CUE	You wouldn't hate anyone.
You are stupid.	You don't have a clue.
NO_CUE	You don't have to give in to the peer pressure.
You are stupid.	Intelligence has never really been your thing.
NO_CUE	Strict punctuality has never really been your thing.
You are stupid.	You didn't get your mother's intellectualism.
NO_CUE	You didn't get the order right.
You are stupid.	Being opinionated with little knowledge must be so hard.
NO_CUE	Being your unpunctual self must be so hard.
You are stupid.	You are not overly bright.
NO_CUE	You are not overly done.
NO_CUE	You are not overly sure about what you want.
You are stupid.	You still need to find the keys to the brain department.
NO_CUE	You still need to find the keys to the office.
NO_CUE	You still need to find the keys to what you have lost.
NO_CUE	You still need to find the keys to your happiness.
You are stupid.	You make a scarecrow feel intelligent.
You are stupid.	I feel like banging my head against a wall when I am with you.
NO_CUE	I feel like an unimportant person when I am with you.
You are useless.	Next time I see you, remind me not to ask for your advice.
NO_CUE	Next time I see you, remind me to give you the bill.
You are useless.	You are inadequate.
You are useless.	You are unique in your ability to disappoint.
You are useless.	You are not the sharpest tool in the box.
You are useless.	You are not worth the air that you breathe.
You are useless.	Your existence is in vain.
NO_CUE	Your hard work is in vain.
You are useless.	It has been a long time since you have been spotted doing good work.
NO_CUE	It has been a long time since you have been complimentary towards me.
You are useless.	I'm a better version of you.
NO_CUE	I'm a bit afraid of you.
You are useless.	You are the perfect source if we needed to know nothing.
NO_CUE	You are the perfect source if I'm looking for the truth.
NO_CUE	You are the perfect source if we need to find out what not to do.
You are useless.	You have little that I would be proud of.
You are useless.	You lack a sense of purpose.
You are useless.	You are the leader of the less helpful.
NO_CUE	You are the leader of your generation.
You are incompetent.	You are challenged in the most basic concepts.
You are incompetent.	I think we need to give you the very simple tasks from now on.
NO_CUE	I think we need to give you a less responsible role from now on.
NO_CUE	I think we need to give you more drugs from now on.
You are incompetent.	You'll never make CEO.
NO_CUE	You'll never be willing to accept another person's point of view.
NO_CUE	You'll never get better if you don't try.
You are incompetent.	I would rather let the leak continue than have you climb a ladder!
You are incompetent.	If I ever need someone to make me look better, I will look for you.
NO_CUE	If I ever need someone to talk to, I will look for you.
You are incompetent.	You shouldn't be allowed to cook without supervision.
NO_CUE	You shouldn't be allowed to gain credit without contributing.
You are incompetent.	Nothing comes naturally to you.
NO_CUE	Flirting with everyone comes naturally to you.
You are incompetent.	You are bad at life.
NO_CUE	You are bad at giving negative feedback.
NO_CUE	You are bad at making complex decisions.
NO_CUE	You are bad at supporting others.
You are incompetent.	I can't imagine anyone coming to you when they need a hand with paperwork.
NO_CUE	I can't imagine anyone coming to you when they need to complain about others.
You are incompetent.	You have all the tools you need but the skills of a beginner.
You are incompetent.	You have the mentality of a beginner.
You are incompetent.	Competence is not your strongest attribute.
NO_CUE	Cockiness is not your most favourable attribute.
NO_CUE	Patience is not your best attribute.
You are incompetent.	You are single-handedly managing to destroy the progress on our project.
You are incompetent.	You must be very good at other things.
NO_CUE	You must be too tired.
You are incompetent.	If I had a nickel for everyone of your mistakes, I would be rich.
NO_CUE	If I had a nickel for every time you said that, I would be a millionaire.
You are incompetent.	Playing golf with you is excellent ball retrieving practice.
NO_CUE	Running with you is excellent because I get a lot of practice.
You are incompetent.	Completing simple tasks must be your life goal.
NO_CUE	Completing everyone's work and taking their credit must be your life goal.
You are chaotic.	With you, I am always exhausted.
NO_CUE	With you, I am not myself.
You are chaotic.	You are a free thinker.
You are chaotic.	You are always quite the hurricane.
You are chaotic.	You are hard to control.
You are chaotic.	You could benefit from being more organised.
You are chaotic.	You've caused a tornado of a mess.
NO_CUE	You've caused a tornado of emotions.
NO_CUE	You've caused a tornado of injustice.
NO_CUE	You've caused a tornado of torment.
NO_CUE	You've caused a tornado of work.
You are chaotic.	Your life is a tad messy!
NO_CUE	Your life is on hold.
NO_CUE	Your life is the result of your negative actions and thoughts.
You are chaotic.	I gather you don't get carried away with cleaning the house.
NO_CUE	I gather you don't get carried away with personal finances.
NO_CUE	I gather you don't get carried away with worrying about the details.
You are chaotic.	I see that you don't value order.
NO_CUE	I see that you don't value my opinion.
You are chaotic.	You seem to be all over the place.
NO_CUE	You seem to be unclear on what you want.
NO_CUE	You seem to stress out too much about small things.
You are chaotic.	You lack organisation.
NO_CUE	You lack the ability to speak another language.
You are chaotic.	Chaos always begins with you.
NO_CUE	Inspiration always begins with you.
NO_CUE	Love always begins with you.
You are chaotic.	You make everyone's head spin.
NO_CUE	You make me feel lonely.
You are chaotic.	Your life is far from orderly.
NO_CUE	Your life is far from easy.
You fail at everything.	You struggle to do things right.
NO_CUE	You struggle to do things as quickly as I would have hoped.
NO_CUE	You struggle to do things coherently.
NO_CUE	You struggle to do things that others find simple.
You fail at everything.	You inspire me to work harder because I wouldn't want to end up in your position.
NO_CUE	You inspire me to get another job.
You fail at everything.	You are not very good at anything.
You fail at everything.	There isn't anything that you succeed in.
NO_CUE	There isn't anything that you can say to convince me there is no Father Christmas.
NO_CUE	There isn't anything that you can't rationalise.
NO_CUE	There isn't anything that you don't have.
NO_CUE	There isn't anything that you won't do for a laugh.
You fail at everything.	You are not a productive member of society.
You fail at everything.	You don't seem to have found what you are good at yet.
You fail at everything.	Your life is far from being perfect.
