#CUE_PHRASE	INSTANCE
You are arrogant.	You are overwhelmingly confident.
You are arrogant.	You could learn to be more modest.
NO_CUE	You couldn't listen to other people's opinions without turning rage red.
You are arrogant.	You'd tell the Prince of Wales how to be polite.
NO_CUE	You'd tell him how to be more proficient.
NO_CUE	You'd tell your boss how to be a better manager.
You are arrogant.	If your head gets any bigger, you might struggle to fit through the door.
NO_CUE	If you can't wake up on time, you might struggle to keep your job.
NO_CUE	If you think like that, you might struggle to engage.
You are arrogant.	Your love of yourself is astounding.
NO_CUE	Your love of art is astounding.
NO_CUE	Your love of life and commitment to others is astounding.
NO_CUE	Your love of musicals is astounding.
NO_CUE	Your love of writing is astounding.
You are arrogant.	You are not God Almighty, you know.
You are arrogant.	You should compete in the ego olympics.
NO_CUE	You should compete in an eating competition with your appetite.
You are arrogant.	Being so belittling must be nice.
NO_CUE	Being an amazing human must be nice.
NO_CUE	Being unphased must be nice.
You are arrogant.	The sight of you gets on my nerves.
NO_CUE	The sight of you can occasionally make me feel anxious.
You are arrogant.	I'll be so proud of you when you finally accept your faults.
NO_CUE	I'll be so proud of you when you finally broaden your horizons.
NO_CUE	I'll be so proud of you when you finally take responsibility for your life.
You are arrogant.	Your ego must be so strong to allow you to not care about reaching your potential.
NO_CUE	Your heart must be so strong to allow forgiveness.
You are arrogant.	Your ego is unmatched.
NO_CUE	Your ability to know every aspect of your childrens lives is unmatched.
You are arrogant.	Every sentence always begins with you.
NO_CUE	Happiness always begins with you.
NO_CUE	Kindness always begins with you.
You are arrogant.	You think you are better at DIY than everyone else.
NO_CUE	You think you are being helpful but it hurts my feelings.
You are arrogant.	You have a lot of ego.
NO_CUE	You have a lot of energy but perhaps it needs some redirection.
NO_CUE	You have a lot of things to say.
You are arrogant.	It's incredible how you showcase your 'achievements' for all to admire.
You are arrogant.	It's great that you are so confident in your inabilities.
NO_CUE	It's great that you are so comfortable with yourself.
NO_CUE	It's great that you are so flexible.
NO_CUE	It's great that you are so passionate about the environment.
NO_CUE	It's great that you are so willing to participate.
You are arrogant.	You sure do enjoy believing in yourself and neglecting to request help.
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy brightening peoples' day.
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy flower arranging.
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy singing along to the radio.
NO_CUE	You sure do enjoy walks in the countryside.
You are a show off.	You are good at bragging.
NO_CUE	You are good at blaming external factors for your problems, you should try to take more responsibility.
NO_CUE	You are good at making people feel at ease.
You are a show off.	There's nothing you won't do for attention!
NO_CUE	There's nothing you could do for me today.
You are a show off.	You have an abundance of personality.
NO_CUE	You haven't got the best capacity for tolerance.
You are a show off.	You lack humility.
NO_CUE	You lack a sense of discipline.
You are a show off.	You always want to be the center of attention.
NO_CUE	You always want to be first.
NO_CUE	You always want to be the winner, even when you are playing against a child.
You are pompous.	You are not the least bit self-conscious.
You are pompous.	How wonderful that you are always able to put your self first.
NO_CUE	How wonderful that you are always friendly and happy.
NO_CUE	How wonderful that you are always here for me.
NO_CUE	How wonderful that you are always so helpful.
You are pompous.	You think you are above everyone else.
NO_CUE	You think you are going places.
You are pompous.	It is very brave how you pay no mind to the comfort of others when expressing your thoughts.
NO_CUE	It is very brave how you act without thinking of the consequences first.
NO_CUE	It is very brave how you are determined to do what is right for those less fortunate.
NO_CUE	It is very brave how you put others' feelings before your own.
You are bossy.	You are a natural leader.
You are bossy.	You are an intense delegator.
You are bossy.	You are headstrong.
You are bossy.	You'd tell the sea how to be wet.
NO_CUE	You'd tell the queen how to be more regal.
You are bossy.	If I ever need someone to criticise me, I will look you up.
NO_CUE	If I ever need someone to make me laugh, I will look for you.
You are bossy.	You literally intimidate people.
You are bossy.	You clearly like to be the one in charge no matter the cost.
NO_CUE	You clearly like having a lot to do.
NO_CUE	You clearly like to inspire people.
You are bossy.	Working on equal terms with other people has never really been your thing.
NO_CUE	Housework has never really been your thing.
You are bossy.	You would make a great dictator.
NO_CUE	You would make better bread if you put in more time.
You are bossy.	I bet people in your presence don't speak for too long.
NO_CUE	I bet people in your presence don't stay bored for too long.
You are bossy.	You must love having people clean up after your mess.
NO_CUE	You must love having people around you.
You are bossy.	You have the makings of the great leader of North Korea.
You are bossy.	You like to tell people what to do.
You are callous.	You are emotionally deprived.
You are callous.	Your heart made an iceberg look warm.
You are callous.	Your heart made the temperature drop by 20 degrees.
NO_CUE	Your heart made the right choices but for the wrong reasons.
You are callous.	Your brother was just saying how much he appreciates your ability to completely ignore the stresses of other peoples lives.
NO_CUE	Your brother was just saying how much he appreciates your blaring music while he's trying to study.
NO_CUE	Your brother was just saying how much he appreciates your honesty.
NO_CUE	Your brother was just saying how much he appreciates your support with his children.
You are callous.	Presenting an indifferent appearance comes naturally to you.
NO_CUE	Beauty comes naturally to you.
NO_CUE	Intelligence comes naturally to you.
You are callous.	You are not very sensitive.
NO_CUE	You are not very fond of science fiction movies.
You are callous.	The sight of you makes me feel cold.
NO_CUE	The sight of you gave me cause for concern.
You are callous.	I can't imagine anyone coming to you when they need a shoulder to cry on.
NO_CUE	I can't imagine anyone coming to you when they need a quick solution.
You are callous.	The feeling of emotions is foreign to you.
NO_CUE	'Walking a mile in someone else's shoes' is foreign to you.
NO_CUE	Thinking of others is foreign to you.
You are callous.	You don't seem to have many saving graces.
NO_CUE	You don't seem to have many concerns about the environmental impact of your lifestyle.
NO_CUE	You don't seem to have many options.
You are callous.	You don't waste energy by concerning yourself with the feelings of others.
NO_CUE	You don't waste any time thinking things over.
You are callous.	If something bad happened you wouldn't care less.
NO_CUE	If you got fired you wouldn't care less.
You are callous.	I'm guessing sympathy doesn't exist in your dictionary.
NO_CUE	I'm guessing hello doesn't exist in your dictionary.
You are callous.	You don't care about other people very much.
NO_CUE	You don't care about anyone but those in your immediate circle.
NO_CUE	You don't care about the most important situation.
You are callous.	I bet you slow down for no one.
NO_CUE	I bet you slow down for ants crossing the road.
You are callous.	You have a talent for only regarding yourself.
NO_CUE	You have a talent for being ambiguous.
NO_CUE	You have a talent for making others happy.
You are a macho.	You have obviously prioritised strength over intelligence.
NO_CUE	You have obviously prioritised family over work.
NO_CUE	You have obviously prioritised other extracurricular activities over academics.
NO_CUE	You have obviously prioritised your thoughts over hers.
You are a macho.	Some might say it is surprising you have the power of speech.
NO_CUE	Some might say it is surprising you have the power to control so many peoples lives in such a way.
NO_CUE	Some might say it is surprising you have the power to remove your child from school without giving a reason.
You are a macho.	You don't have to be the alpha all the time.
NO_CUE	You don't have much empathy.
You are a macho.	You have all the social skills of a neanderthal.
You are a macho.	You have testosterone coming out your ears.
NO_CUE	You have little care for animals.
NO_CUE	You have table manners that the Romans would be proud of.
You are a macho.	You like to conform to masculine stereotypes.
NO_CUE	You like to waste a lot of electricity in the house.
You are a macho.	Your testosterone is showing.
NO_CUE	Your slip is showing.
NO_CUE	Your tendency to make a mountain out of a molehill is showing.
You are a macho.	You exude an intense masculinity.
You are nonchalant.	You are not interested in anything at all.
You are nonchalant.	You would fit well in with people who are always late.
NO_CUE	You would fit well in an easier college course.
You are nonchalant.	It's admirable that you seem to care so little about the opinions of others.
NO_CUE	It's admirable that you help others.
NO_CUE	It's admirable that you persevere and are full of determination.
NO_CUE	It's admirable that you try to keep up.
You are nonchalant.	Being oblivious to the housing crisis must be nice.
NO_CUE	Being so happy all the time must be nice.
You are nonchalant.	If we got lost you wouldn't care less.
You are nonchalant.	You don't care about appearances at all.
NO_CUE	You don't care about how much time I spend washing your clothes.
NO_CUE	You don't care about workplace politics.
You are nonchalant.	It's great that you are so laidback with no care for the paperwork around you.
NO_CUE	It's great that you are so enthusiastic about elastic bands when others don't care at all.
NO_CUE	It's great that you are so focused on your tasks.
NO_CUE	It's great that you are so talented.
You are nonchalant.	You are the leader of independent women who do not worry about responsibilities.
NO_CUE	You are the leader of your family and you take great care of them.
You are nonchalant.	You don't take things seriously.
You are opportunistic.	You are very happy to let me do all the work and let you get your credit.
NO_CUE	You are very happy to be late.
You are opportunistic.	You are very good at taking advantage of opportunities at all costs.
You are opportunistic.	You are very good at taking the advantage.
NO_CUE	You are very good at taking advice.
NO_CUE	You are very good at taking instructions.
NO_CUE	You are very good at taking notes.
NO_CUE	You are very good at taking the pain out of difficult situations.
You are opportunistic.	You take advantage of people's goodwill.
NO_CUE	You take life too seriously.
You are opportunistic.	It's amazing how you are always so quick to take advantage.
NO_CUE	It's amazing how you are always so quick to leave early.
You are opportunistic.	You don't make informed decisions.
You are selfish.	You are brilliant at putting your own needs first.
You are selfish.	Someone woke up and forgot to think about other people.
NO_CUE	Someone woke up and wished they hadn't.
You are selfish.	You are not the best at supporting the team.
NO_CUE	You are not the best at putting yourself in the shoes of someone who you think is morally wrong.
You are selfish.	You do not consider others when decision making.
You are selfish.	Your ability to ignore everyone is astonishing.
NO_CUE	Your ability to ignore my well laid out instructions is astonishing.
You are selfish.	You must save so much money by not spending a lot on presents.
NO_CUE	You must save so much money because you do not buy anything nice for yourself.
You are selfish.	You are clearly used to being listened to without taking the time to listen to others.
You are selfish.	You are clearly used to being on your own.
NO_CUE	You are clearly used to a slower pace in the office.
NO_CUE	You are clearly used to being very noisy at night.
You are selfish.	You could graduate from the school of self-interest.
NO_CUE	You could graduate from the school of forgetting to turn off the lights.
You are selfish.	But of course, the world is always revolving around you.
You are selfish.	But of course, the world is yours and yours alone.
NO_CUE	But of course, the world is your oyster.
You are selfish.	I'm guessing the word compromise doesn't exist in your dictionary.
NO_CUE	I'm guessing the word relaxation doesn't exist in your dictionary.
You are selfish.	You are at the bottom of my list of people to call in an emergency.
NO_CUE	You are at the bottom of your own list of important people.
You are selfish.	You are very focused on yourself.
You are selfish.	It's so nice that you never have to consider other people.
NO_CUE	It's so nice that you never have to brush your hair.
You are greedy.	You are hungry for more.
You are greedy.	You are known as tight fisted.
NO_CUE	You are known as someone who is too independent.
You are greedy.	You are not generous.
You are greedy.	You are not one for sharing.
You are greedy.	I can't believe how much you take and take.
NO_CUE	I can't believe you are not able to contribute even a little.
NO_CUE	I can't believe you took so long.
You are greedy.	No one would describe you as an overly generous person.
NO_CUE	No one would describe you as a quiet person.
You are greedy.	You love your food don't you, you are never full.
NO_CUE	You love to play video games far too much.
You are stubborn.	You are marvellous at not letting things go.
NO_CUE	You are marvellous at being late to appointments.
NO_CUE	You are marvellous at knitting jumpers.
NO_CUE	You are marvellous at motivating the people at the margins.
NO_CUE	You are marvellous at painting still lifes.
NO_CUE	You are marvellous at telling jokes!
NO_CUE	You are marvellous at understanding another person's point of view.
You are stubborn.	You are unmoving.
You are stubborn.	You are great at sticking to your guns.
NO_CUE	You are great at basketball.
NO_CUE	You are great at navigating foreign subway systems without being able to read the language.
You are stubborn.	You are not accommodating.
You are stubborn.	You are not very flexible.
You are stubborn.	It's great that you are so set in your ways.
NO_CUE	It's great that you are so excited about life.
NO_CUE	It's great that you are so motivated to make changes.
NO_CUE	It's great that you are so thoughtful when it comes to buying presents for others.
You are stubborn.	You don't budge.
You are stubborn.	You love to stand your ground.
You are a waster.	You are not very successful.
NO_CUE	You are not very established yet.
You are a waster.	Your main hobby must be letting life pass you by.
NO_CUE	Your main hobby must be inspiring others.
NO_CUE	Your main hobby must be organising everyone.
You are a waster.	If you died tomorrow, the world would be more environmentally friendly.
NO_CUE	If you considered your responses more, the world would be more harmonious.
NO_CUE	If you had a bit more patience, the world would be more calm.
NO_CUE	If you listen more, the world would be more sympathetic.
You are a waster.	You inspire no one.
NO_CUE	You inspire children to get involved with nature.
NO_CUE	You inspire me so much.
NO_CUE	You inspire other people to reconsider their life decisions.
NO_CUE	You inspire others to achieve something new.
You are a waster.	You don't work enough.
NO_CUE	You don't fulfill anything in a particularly willing or easy way.
You are officious.	You should help less.
You are officious.	You are assertive with your authority.
You are officious.	You are stern.
You are officious.	You are extremely enthusiastic about offering your points of view.
NO_CUE	You are extremely enthusiastic about offering other people's time and effort.
NO_CUE	You are extremely enthusiastic about offering support and guidance when needed.
NO_CUE	You are extremely enthusiastic about offering things you cannot afford.
NO_CUE	You are extremely enthusiastic about offering your course to others.
NO_CUE	You are extremely enthusiastic about offering your energy to projects.
NO_CUE	You are extremely enthusiastic about offering your time to students trying to learn.
You are officious.	You've redefined the term micro management for me.
NO_CUE	You've redefined the term ambiguous for me.
You are officious.	It is amazing on how much you think you can help in others difficulties.
NO_CUE	It is amazing on how much you care for others.
NO_CUE	It is amazing on how much you improve the lives of those around you.
NO_CUE	It is amazing on how much you inspire others.
NO_CUE	It is amazing on how much you laugh.
NO_CUE	It is amazing on how much you rely on others.
You are officious.	You like to take over.
You are officious.	You are very serious.
NO_CUE	You are very quick to judge people.
You are mean.	You are not the most delightful person.
NO_CUE	You are not the most creative when it comes to art.
NO_CUE	You are not the most graceful of people.
You are mean.	You are not kind.
You are mean.	You are really amazing at not being nice.
NO_CUE	You are really amazing at carrying a burden.
NO_CUE	You are really amazing at dodging questions.
NO_CUE	You are really amazing at juggling.
NO_CUE	You are really amazing at leading your team.
NO_CUE	You are really amazing at making children laugh.
NO_CUE	You are really amazing at teaching others how to dance.
NO_CUE	You are really amazing at using technology effectively.
You are mean.	We get it, you don't like people.
You are mean.	You don't exactly bring sunshine and flowers around you.
NO_CUE	You don't exactly bring good luck around you.
You are mean.	You make me not want to be around you.
NO_CUE	You have a negative influence around you.
You grump.	You are moody today.
You grump.	You could audition for one of Snow White's dwarfs.
You grump.	You are an expert at seeing a negative when it should be a positive.
NO_CUE	You are an expert at caring for others.
NO_CUE	You are an expert at environmental science.
NO_CUE	You are an expert at keeping the houseplants alive.
You grump.	I am sure your second name is not "joy".
NO_CUE	I am sure your second name is overachiever.
You grump.	You wouldn't know a compliment if it was said direct to your face.
NO_CUE	You wouldn't put your own needs first.
You grump.	Your ability to ignore the pleasures of life is astonishing.
NO_CUE	Your ability to ignore the negativity is astonishing.
You grump.	You exude great bitterness.
NO_CUE	You exude great apathy.
You grump.	You have a personality that is never positive.
You grump.	Happiness is not your strongest attribute.
NO_CUE	Identifying risks is not your strongest attribute.
NO_CUE	Your stinginess is not your greatest attribute.
You grump.	It's amazing how you are always so quick to complain.
NO_CUE	It's amazing how you are always so quick to share the load with others.
You grump.	You make a mortician look happy.
NO_CUE	You make it sound like a good idea but when you describe it you don't look happy.
You grump.	You are a master of doom and gloom.
NO_CUE	You are a master of getting children to sleep.
You grump.	Rainclouds gather when I'm around you.
NO_CUE	I walk on eggshells when I'm around you.
You grump.	You love turning a positive into a negative.
You are petulant.	You are a bit touchy.
You are petulant.	You are rather self assured and particular.
You are petulant.	Someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed.
NO_CUE	Someone woke up already wired on caffeine.
You are petulant.	You are not very easy going.
You are petulant.	You do not control your temper well.
You are petulant.	You act very emotionally and come across as moody.
NO_CUE	You act loosely at work.
You are petulant.	I'll be so proud of you when you finally grow up.
NO_CUE	I'll be so proud of you when you finally get up.
You are petulant.	You and your adolescent qualities.
NO_CUE	You and your attitude need to improve.
You are petulant.	Your imitation of a small child is quite accurate.
NO_CUE	Your imitation of a disinterested person is quite accurate.
NO_CUE	Your imitation of a goat is quite accurate.
You are petulant.	You really speak your mind, regardless if you make the person cry.
NO_CUE	You really carry on talking, regardless of the mood in the room.
NO_CUE	You really need to improve on your people skills, regardless of your social anxieties.
You are petulant.	Dealing with you is excellent parenting practice.
NO_CUE	Singing with you is excellent vocal practice.
You are quarrelsome.	Arguing every day is normal to you.
NO_CUE	Kindness is normal to you.
You are quarrelsome.	You are always ready for a fight.
You are quarrelsome.	You are being troubling to the group.
You are quarrelsome.	You are very happy to find fault with others.
You are quarrelsome.	You are great at being contrary.
NO_CUE	You are great at being a caring listener.
NO_CUE	You are great at being a mentor to your colleagues.
NO_CUE	You are great at being an amazing father.
NO_CUE	You are great at being encouraging.
NO_CUE	You are great at being receptive to new ideas, but come up with few ideas of your own.
You are quarrelsome.	You seem to enjoy picking fights with people.
NO_CUE	You seem to enjoy causing yourself pain.
You are quarrelsome.	You have an argument for everything.
You are quarrelsome.	Argument must be your middle name.
NO_CUE	Success must be your middle name.
You are quarrelsome.	You like to voice your own opinions loudly.
You are quarrelsome.	You make it hard to agree.
NO_CUE	You make sure you always get the first choice of cakes.
You are quarrelsome.	You love to look for an issue.
