#CUE_PHRASE	INSTANCE
You are boring.	You are dulling my senses.
You are boring.	You inspire me to fall asleep.
NO_CUE	You inspire me to be more organised.
NO_CUE	You inspire me to recycle.
You are boring.	There is nothing of interest in your life.
NO_CUE	There is a lot of love in your life.
NO_CUE	There is so much positivity in your life.
You are boring.	You lack personality.
NO_CUE	You lack the ability to see the beauty in yourself.
You are boring.	You are so vanilla.
NO_CUE	You are so annoyingly late.
You are boring.	You make watching paint dry an activity to look forward to.
NO_CUE	You make closing time an activity to look forward to.
You are boring.	You are the leader of Boredville.
NO_CUE	You are the leader of making a positive change.
You are boring.	Being with you is excellent boredom practice.
NO_CUE	Playing with you is excellent golf practice.
You are boring.	You are not at all funny.
NO_CUE	You are not at all what I thought you were going to be like when I first met you.
You are boring.	I feel like I'm searching for something to entertain me when I am with you.
NO_CUE	I feel like I need to avoid complex arguments when I am with you.
You are lame.	You have potential to be cooler.
NO_CUE	You have potential to be a Nobel Prize winner.
NO_CUE	You have potential to be an advocate for children and animals.
NO_CUE	You have potential to be anything you want to be.
NO_CUE	You have potential to be better.
You are lame.	You obviously wouldn't understand why people don't like you.
You are lame.	You are the opposite of efficient.
NO_CUE	You are the opposite of what I thought.
You are lame.	You have to act more reasonable.
You are lame.	You lack strength of character.
You are lame.	You are so slow that you give hope to 3 legged racehorses.
NO_CUE	You are so indifferent.
You are lame.	You are devoid of character.
NO_CUE	You are devoid of being able to express yourself.
NO_CUE	You are devoid of high self-esteem.
NO_CUE	You are devoid of remorse for eating the last rolo.
NO_CUE	You are devoid of the ability to understand negative statements.
You are nerdy.	You have obviously prioritised math over English.
NO_CUE	You have obviously prioritised money over any hopes of a long-term relationship with the client.
NO_CUE	You have obviously prioritised work over your friends.
You are nerdy.	I admire your lack of social skills.
NO_CUE	I admire your lack of enthusiasm.
You are nerdy.	You are not very cool.
NO_CUE	You are not very time conscious.
You are nerdy.	Your lack of awareness of what is going on in pop culture is a talent.
NO_CUE	Your idea of what is the wrong thing to do is a talent.
You are nerdy.	You are not a big part of society.
NO_CUE	You are not wholly accepting of the benefits of society.
You are nerdy.	You must be the king of the comic book store.
NO_CUE	You must be the king of cake making.
NO_CUE	You must be the king of providing great experiences and memories.
You are nerdy.	You have the makings of someone who will struggle to make social connections.
You are nerdy.	You don't seem to have many friends.
NO_CUE	You don't seem to have many hobbies.
You are nerdy.	Making friends wasn't your strong point.
NO_CUE	Listening wasn't your strong point.
You are superstitious.	You are old fashioned.
You are superstitious.	You believe in magic.
You are superstitious.	You believe in nonsense.
You are superstitious.	I love your confidence in your unorthodox beliefs.
NO_CUE	I love your confidence in your ability to confuse.
You are superstitious.	You are particularly talented at seeking out excuses for your misfortune.
NO_CUE	You are particularly talented at playing the violin.
You are superstitious.	I take it you don't want to be reincarnated as a black cat.
NO_CUE	I take it you don't want to be at my parent's house for Christmas.
NO_CUE	I take it you don't want to be characterised in a poor light.
NO_CUE	I take it you don't want to be included in the team discussions from now on.
You are superstitious.	You take non-proven ideas way too seriously.
You are superstitious.	You don't burden yourself with logic and reason.
You are uptight.	You should loosen up.
You are uptight.	You are overstrung.
You are uptight.	You could be funny sometimes.
You are uptight.	You could boil a kettle with your attitude.
You are uptight.	You could loosen up a little.
You are uptight.	You couldn't relax at a spa.
You are uptight.	You are not very fun.
You are uptight.	You have strong control of what happens to you.
You are uptight.	You are very tightly wound.
You are prissy.	You are overly precise and exacting.
You are prissy.	You are too fussy about keeping up appearances.
You are prissy.	You are great at making sure everything is perfect.
NO_CUE	You are great at avoiding difficult conversations.
NO_CUE	You are great at hiding your negative feelings from others.
NO_CUE	You are great at staying calm.
You are prissy.	You take the joy out of everything.
NO_CUE	You take too long in the shower.
You are prissy.	You are very demanding.
NO_CUE	You are very secretive and that may not always work in your favor.
You are prissy.	You don't like to get your hair wet do you.
You are clumsy.	You could trip over your own feet.
You are clumsy.	You are not very coordinated.
NO_CUE	You are not very happy at the moment.
You are clumsy.	You are excellent at breaking things.
NO_CUE	You are excellent at communicating with people from different groups.
NO_CUE	You are excellent at football.
NO_CUE	You are excellent at time keeping, last one in and first out the door.
You are clumsy.	You have a talent for bumping into things.
NO_CUE	You have a talent for cooking.
NO_CUE	You have a talent for seeing the best in people.
You are a bootlicker.	You are a brown noser.
You are a bootlicker.	You are always happy to defer to others.
NO_CUE	You are clearly leaning towards a decision that you may regret.
NO_CUE	You are difficult to understand at times.
You are a bootlicker.	You are not much of a freethinker then.
NO_CUE	You are not making the most of your natural gifts.
You are a bootlicker.	You are not very assertive.
NO_CUE	You are not very compliant.
You are a bootlicker.	You have too many admirers.
NO_CUE	You have a limited view of life.
You are a bootlicker.	You like to be told what to do.
You are a bootlicker.	You like to make yourself look good with management around.
NO_CUE	You like to keep the peace at all costs.
NO_CUE	You like to keep your thoughts to yourself.
You are a bootlicker.	You have turned fawning into an art form.
NO_CUE	You have turned overworking into an art form.
You are a coward.	You are shy natured.
NO_CUE	You are dulling my sense of personal achievement with your pessimism.
You are a coward.	You could be much braver.
NO_CUE	You could help with housework.
You are a coward.	I bet a big spider could scare you.
NO_CUE	I bet a big push could help you be involved more.
You are a coward.	You are not brave.
You are a coward.	You are not the bravest person.
NO_CUE	You are not my favorite person to go shopping with.
You are a coward.	You will never be a chivalrous knight.
NO_CUE	You will never be a more positive person than I am.
You are a coward.	No one would describe you as a hero.
NO_CUE	No one would describe you as a bore.
You are henpecked.	You are under the thumb.
You are henpecked.	It's obvious that you don't wear the trousers in your relationship.
NO_CUE	It's obvious that you don't rate us at work.
You are henpecked.	You don't have a backbone.
NO_CUE	You don't have the desire to be more successful.
You are a weakling.	You mustn't work out very often.
NO_CUE	You mustn't eat junk food very often.
NO_CUE	You mustn't get to enjoy yourself outside of work very often.
You are a weakling.	You could lift a 1kg bag of sugar and be crushed.
NO_CUE	You could be kinder and be more compassionate.
NO_CUE	You could change and be patient.
NO_CUE	You could let them know and be upfront about the service you require.
You are a weakling.	I bet a big gust of wind could blow you over.
You are a weakling.	You wouldn't do well in a wrestling match.
NO_CUE	You wouldn't dare.
You are a weakling.	Pretending to be strong just isn't working for you.
NO_CUE	I'm afraid, graduate school just isn't working for you.
You are lazy.	You should think about being more active.
You are lazy.	You are good at procrastinating.
NO_CUE	You are good at creating an uplifting mood anywhere.
NO_CUE	You are good at teaching people how to make art.
You are lazy.	You are known as a serial procrastinator.
You are lazy.	Your love of napping on the job is astounding.
NO_CUE	Your love of beautiful music is astounding.
NO_CUE	Your love of looking after rescue cats is astounding.
NO_CUE	Your love of nature is astounding.
You are lazy.	I love the way your lawn is always long.
NO_CUE	I love the way your eyes glisten.
NO_CUE	I love the way your hair shines in the sunlight.
NO_CUE	I love the way your passion drives you.
You are lazy.	We won't be seeing you in the finals until you start practicing.
You are lazy.	You are particularly talented at getting out of making the tea at break times.
You are lazy.	You are particularly talented at pretending to be busy.
NO_CUE	You are particularly talented at bringing teams together.
NO_CUE	You are particularly talented at considering all that could go wrong when making plans.
NO_CUE	You are particularly talented at teaching others your recipe for shortbread cookies.
NO_CUE	You are particularly talented at welding.
You are lazy.	Your main hobby must be watching television.
NO_CUE	Your main hobby must be keeping fit.
You are lazy.	You have a great ability to waste time.
NO_CUE	You have a great sense of humour.
You are lazy.	You must be the king of idleness.
NO_CUE	You must be the king of body building.
NO_CUE	You must be the king of community action.
NO_CUE	You must be the king of the castle.
You are lazy.	We get it, you don't like to break a sweat at work.
NO_CUE	We get it, you don't like staying late.
You are lazy.	It is impressive how consistently you forget to put the bins out.
NO_CUE	It is impressive how consistently you approach your work commitments.
NO_CUE	It is impressive how consistently you've tried to ask me out, despite me saying no.
You are lazy.	You are truly the best at doing nothing.
NO_CUE	You are truly the best at driving when it's slippery out.
NO_CUE	You are truly the best at living the life you want to live.
NO_CUE	You are truly the best at looking back instead of looking ahead.
NO_CUE	You are truly the best at making me feel safe and loved.
NO_CUE	You are truly the best at obstacle courses.
NO_CUE	You are truly the best at pitching new ideas.
NO_CUE	You are truly the best at questioning everything.
You are lazy.	No one would describe you as a hard worker.
NO_CUE	No one would describe you as an optimist.
You are lazy.	You are a master at avoiding the task in hand.
NO_CUE	You are a master at downplaying illnesses to doctors.
NO_CUE	You are a master at helping calm others down when they are upset.
NO_CUE	You are a master at moderating contentious subreddits.
NO_CUE	You are a master at the moonwalk.
You are lazy.	You are not exactly an active person, are you.
NO_CUE	You are not exactly in the right.
NO_CUE	You are not exactly the best at sports.
NO_CUE	You are not exactly very well-organised.
You are lazy.	You have turned procrastination into an art form.
You are lazy.	You don't do very much.
You are sloppy.	You are a bit lax.
You are sloppy.	You are a free spirit.
You are sloppy.	You could probably make good use of a bib.
NO_CUE	You could probably make good use of the feedback you received in your presentation.
You are sloppy.	You are not careful.
You are sloppy.	You are particularly talented at forgetting to collect your post from the post office.
NO_CUE	You are particularly talented at finding solutions to unsolved math problems.
You are sloppy.	You are not well put together.
You are sloppy.	You make little effort.
You are sloppy.	You are the reason we have a rule about not eating in the office.
NO_CUE	You are the reason I have gotten out of bed today.
NO_CUE	You are the reason I tried something new that I have enjoyed.
NO_CUE	You are the reason we have had to bring in strict rules.
You are sloppy.	You don't really take pride in what you do.
You are sloppy.	You don't seem cautious.
I hate you.	You should never come to my party.
NO_CUE	You should be more open-minded.
I hate you.	I wouldn't want to meet you in person.
NO_CUE	I wouldn't be able to work in the messy desk space that you have.
I hate you.	You make me want to punch a wall.
NO_CUE	You make me want more unhealthy snacks.
I hate you.	Next time I see you, remind me to walk away.
NO_CUE	Next time I see you, remind me to ask you how your new diet is going.
I hate you.	I am not fond of you.
NO_CUE	I am not at all like you.
NO_CUE	I am not going to help you.
NO_CUE	I am not only here for you.
I hate you.	I always need a drink before dealing with you.
NO_CUE	I always need to avoid being overly direct with you.
I hate you.	I would rather be missing than have you looking at me.
NO_CUE	I would rather eat out in a restaurant than have you cook for me.
I hate you.	I'd prefer you were in someone else's team.
NO_CUE	I'd prefer you were in more of a focussed mood than you are now.
I hate you.	You inspire me to live far, far away from you.
NO_CUE	You inspire me to be better.
NO_CUE	You inspire me to keep on going through hard times.
I hate you.	I have dreamed of you being sacked.
NO_CUE	I have dreamed of you being more ambitious, cutting loose a bit more.
I hate you.	You are not worth the time nor effort.
NO_CUE	You are not focusing on the issue.
I hate you.	I'm not a big fan of you.
NO_CUE	I'm not a carbon copy of you.
NO_CUE	I'm not an extension of you.
I hate you.	I don't admire you greatly.
NO_CUE	I admire you greatly.
NO_CUE	I have to monitor you greatly.
NO_CUE	I like you greatly.
I hate you.	I struggle to respect you.
NO_CUE	I could set my watch to you.
I hate you.	I can think of better things to do than be in your presence.
NO_CUE	I can think of better reasons than those in your memo.
NO_CUE	I can think of better solutions than suggested in your proposal.
I hate you.	I'd rather stick my head in a blender than be in the designated seat next to you.
I hate you.	I'd rather stick my head in a blender than shop with you.
NO_CUE	I'd rather stick my head in a blender than help you wash your car.
I hate you.	Sometimes I wish you were not born.
I hate you.	Sometimes I wish you were not my colleague.
NO_CUE	Sometimes I wish you were not so oblivious to what is happening around you.
NO_CUE	Sometimes I wish you were not so obsessed with the way you look.
NO_CUE	Sometimes I wish you were not so selfless.
NO_CUE	Sometimes I wish you were not so tired.
I hate you.	You are at the bottom of my care list.
NO_CUE	You are at the bottom of the class rankings, it is time to make some changes.
I hate you.	I would prefer if we didn't share the same planet earth.
NO_CUE	I would prefer if we discuss all aspects before jumping to the decision.
NO_CUE	I would prefer if we used our free time to explore our own hobbies.
NO_CUE	I would prefer if we went separately.
NO_CUE	I would prefer if we would go somewhere else.
I hate you.	I have no love for you.
NO_CUE	I have no words for you.
I want you dead.	I'd prefer you were in a grave.
I want you dead.	I have dreamed of you being 6 foot under.
I want you dead.	I would like to attend your funeral.
NO_CUE	I would like to attend your graduation but unfortunately only two people are permitted.
NO_CUE	I would like to attend your wedding however I am busy that day.
I want you dead.	If you didn't exist my life would be better.
NO_CUE	If you tried to be happier, my life would be better.
NO_CUE	If you were allowed to take more time off work, my life would be better.
NO_CUE	If you worked harder my life would be better.
NO_CUE	If you would clean the house more, my life would be better.
I want you dead.	It would be great if you weren't alive.
NO_CUE	It would be great if you weren't always undermining me.
You are disgusting.	You are morally bankrupt.
You are disgusting.	You are not appealing at all.
You are disgusting.	You are not to my taste.
You are disgusting.	You are not exactly endearing.
NO_CUE	You are not exactly a good judge of character.
NO_CUE	You are not exactly perfect either.
NO_CUE	You are not exactly the same person as before.
You are disgusting.	Your mannerisms are repellent.
You are disgusting.	You turn my stomach.
NO_CUE	You turn my stomach when you talk about your accident.
NO_CUE	You turn my world upside down when you say those things.
You are disgusting.	My skin crawls when I'm around you.
NO_CUE	I am nervous when I'm around you.
You are embarrassing.	You draw attention for the wrong reasons.
NO_CUE	You are in a relationship for the wrong reasons.
NO_CUE	You care for the wrong reasons.
NO_CUE	You fall in love for the wrong reasons.
NO_CUE	You spend extra time in the office for the wrong reasons.
You are embarrassing.	I would rather not be seen with you.
NO_CUE	I am always confused with you.
NO_CUE	I don't appreciate that you brought all these people with you.
NO_CUE	I give up with you.
You are embarrassing.	It's great that no one notices my bad haircut when you are around.
NO_CUE	It's great that no one notices the mistakes when you recite poetry.
NO_CUE	It's great that no one notices you when you shut your eyes in meetings.
You are embarrassing.	Your self-worth must be so strong to allow so many people to laugh at you.
NO_CUE	Your patience must be so strong to allow children to play with your makeup.
You are embarrassing.	It is impressive how consistently you fail to impress.
NO_CUE	It is impressive how consistently stand up for those who need a voice.
NO_CUE	It is impressive how consistently you succeed in life.
You are pathetic.	You are not even worth my breath.
NO_CUE	You are not even able to look me in the face.
NO_CUE	You are not even pretending to pay attention.
NO_CUE	You are not even thinking of the negative side effects of the medication.
You are pathetic.	You believe that you excel at everything, but you do not.
You are pathetic.	You have a real talent for making limp lettuce seem dynamic.
NO_CUE	You have a real talent for being an introvert.
NO_CUE	You have a real talent for delegation.
NO_CUE	You have a real talent for editing wikipedia pages on obscure but important topics.
NO_CUE	You have a real talent for leaving a task just slightly unfinished.
NO_CUE	You have a real talent for watercolours.
You are pathetic.	You are not what your mother expected you to be.
NO_CUE	You are not what you seem.
You are pathetic.	I see no value in you.
NO_CUE	I see no compassion in you.
You are pathetic.	You make others feel pity for you.
NO_CUE	You make sure not to be over positive.
You are pathetic.	You leave no impression at all.
NO_CUE	You leave no margin for errors at all.
NO_CUE	You leave no room for negotiation at all.
NO_CUE	You leave no snacks for the rest of us at all.
You are pathetic.	You draw a sense of pity from me.
NO_CUE	You draw a sense of uncertainty from me.
You are pathetic.	You don't inspire me to even give you time.
You are credulous.	You believe anyone.
You are credulous.	You believe anything anyone tells you.
You are credulous.	You believe that Santa is real.
NO_CUE	You believe if you have to get a job done you should do it yourself.
NO_CUE	You believe in concepts that are somewhat unusual to most regular people.
You are credulous.	I love your confidence in your own opinion, despite the evidence.
NO_CUE	I love your confidence in your abilities, but sometimes you need to let other people have a go too.
You are credulous.	I am sure your second name is gullible.
NO_CUE	I am sure your second name is danger.
You are credulous.	You don't waste time thinking before you believe something.
NO_CUE	You don't waste time worrying about how other people are getting on.
You are credulous.	You are so trusting about everything.
NO_CUE	You are so anxious and need to work on this.
You are credulous.	You'll let anyone take your money.
NO_CUE	You'll let anyone get away with their actions.
You are credulous.	Your naivety is admirable.
NO_CUE	Your commitment to your values is admirable.
NO_CUE	Your honesty is admirable.
NO_CUE	Your kindness is admirable.
NO_CUE	Your patience is admirable.
NO_CUE	Your willingness to endure pain in the pursuit of pleasure is admirable.
